README.md, before:

# Fresh setup

Make sure `~/.vim` doesn't exist

```
git clone --recursive https://github.com/frarees/dotvim.git ~/.vim
```

# C#

Download OmniSharp Roslyn server:

```
sh ~/.vim/download-omnisharp-roslyn.sh
```

or

```
sh ~/.vim/download-omnisharp-roslyn-stable.sh
```

Install `libuv`:

```
brew install libuv
```

__Note: it is no longer required to use Unity's embeeded mono, as we're forced to install mono to use Visual Studio__

Set `MONO_PATH` on your `.bash_profile`:

Unity3D v5.4 and newer

```
UNITY_PATH=/Applications/Unity/Unity.app

export PATH=$UNITY_PATH/Contents/MonoBleedingEdge/bin:$PATH
export MONO_PATH=$UNITY_PATH/Contents/Managed:$UNITY_PATH/Contents/MonoBleedingEdge/lib/mono/4.5:$UNITY_PATH/Contents/Mono/lib/mono/2.0
```

Unity3D v5.3 and older

```
UNITY_PATH=/Applications/Unity/Unity.app

export PATH=$UNITY_PATH/Contents/Frameworks/MonoBleedingEdge/bin:$PATH
export MONO_PATH=$UNITY_PATH/Contents/Frameworks/Managed:$UNITY_PATH/Contents/Frameworks/MonoBleedingEdge/lib/mono/4.5
```

## Setting up vim as script editor

__Note that Visual Studio is recommended as default script editor, as it is responsible for sln generation__

To set MacVim as the script editor on Unity3D:

```
defaults write com.unity3d.UnityEditor5.x kScriptsDefaultApp "/Applications/MacVim.app/Contents/bin/mvim"
```

In Unity3D, go to `Preferences > External Tools` and set `External Script Editor Args` to `--remote-tab-silent +$(Line) "$(File)"`

# Javascript

Install `node` and `npm`.

Install `standard`:

```
npm install -g standard
```

Commit message:

Properly configure external editor on Unity3D

README.md, after:

# Fresh setup

Make sure `~/.vim` doesn't exist

```
git clone --recursive https://github.com/frarees/dotvim.git ~/.vim
```

# C#

Download OmniSharp Roslyn server:

```
sh ~/.vim/download-omnisharp-roslyn.sh
```

or

```
sh ~/.vim/download-omnisharp-roslyn-stable.sh
```

Install `libuv`:

```
brew install libuv
```

__Note: it is no longer required to use Unity's embeeded mono, as we're forced to install mono to use Visual Studio__

Set `MONO_PATH` on your `.bash_profile`:

Unity3D v5.4 and newer

```
UNITY_PATH=/Applications/Unity/Unity.app

export PATH=$UNITY_PATH/Contents/MonoBleedingEdge/bin:$PATH
export MONO_PATH=$UNITY_PATH/Contents/Managed:$UNITY_PATH/Contents/MonoBleedingEdge/lib/mono/4.5:$UNITY_PATH/Contents/Mono/lib/mono/2.0
```

Unity3D v5.3 and older

```
UNITY_PATH=/Applications/Unity/Unity.app

export PATH=$UNITY_PATH/Contents/Frameworks/MonoBleedingEdge/bin:$PATH
export MONO_PATH=$UNITY_PATH/Contents/Frameworks/Managed:$UNITY_PATH/Contents/Frameworks/MonoBleedingEdge/lib/mono/4.5
```

## Setting up vim as script editor

To set MacVim as the script editor on Unity3D:

```
defaults write com.unity3d.UnityEditor5.x kScriptsDefaultApp "`eval echo ~/.vim/mvimhelper`"
```

The *mvimhelper* script provided should have execute permissions (`chmod +x ~/.vim/mvimhelper`).
This script opens MacVim via `open` with a valid `mvim://` URL.
This is necessary for MacVim to load with the environment variables you may have set.
Without a proper setup of them, OmniSharp wont work properly.
You can check for loaded environment variables inside MacVim via `:!env`.

In Unity3D, go to `Preferences > External Tools` and set `External Script Editor Args` to:

```
"$(File)" $(Line)
```

# Javascript

Install `node` and `npm`.

Install `standard`:

```
npm install -g standard
```
